You promised me, forever.
But you don't love me.
You're the one who needs this divorce.
You should be with Riley.
Don't say that.
You are my family, Catherine.
The one and the only.
No matter what's happened or what's to come,
you're the only one.
Stay here at home and wait for me.
You have to get down to the courthouse.
Riley is suing Andrew and Eric.
He's furious.
You filthy little homewriter.
You know Eric's married.
You're all over him.
All of the time.
You are shameless.
Are you delusional?
We met and fell in love first.
If it weren't for that woman, he'd be married to me.
Not her.
Catherine and Eric have been living under the same roof for over ten years.
And they're married.
Don't finish.
What is wrong with you?
But whatever.
Still sue your ass for a stolen you'll ride jail.
Who told you to?